[Music]
Very good my dearest lover of the
heart How are you darlings I hope you're
having a
spectacular weekend and that you're taking advantage of
Sunday to enjoy
your loved ones and here we are of course to
inform you of all the news that's coming
out If you realize where this is going, it
's true that
Mediaset has banned a lot of
characters But that doesn't mean that we're
going to stop having news about
them In fact, I think that YouTube is
going to have a lot of work to do because we're going to have to
comment on it all here so
that our audience is informed of
what Telecinco is not going to tell you on
this occasion. I think that Lectura got
up this morning and got really
stoned and went
completely crazy because they released a news story and
a headline that I think they dreamed about
during the night and they wanted to
put it in a headline and a news story
because the truth is that they've completely lost their
minds
Rocío Carrasco's great base against Antonio David in
the trial for  punishable insolvency I'm going to
read what my dear
Paola calvo calvo has posted here I was left
when I read This is okay it turns out that
readings are believed is believed I mean the
Fantasy that just occurred to the
reading is that suddenly Olga Could
turn
against Antonio David In this
trial for punishable insolvency and that it
could be a favor to Rocío Carrasco and
start with her to unmask him
anyway I read Paola reading continues with her
delirium claims that Olga would give her
testimony against Antonio David to
unmask him in the trial for
punishable insolvency when in reality she
was also discarded as a witness by
the judge Rocío Carrasco transfers her
delirium to the magazine unfortunately she still
has a voice Of course she has a voice but as I
said I just said
readings will continue to be in
Rosario Carrasco's pamphlet Okay even
and she's going to release all the news
completely Now more biased than
ever because now the news about
Antonio David will be even more
hidden more I mean Antonio David right now
the news about Antonio David and
everything that is contrary to Rocío
Carrasco has a very small voice she has a very small
voice right now okay but well I'm going to
tell you about the inside of the magazine
because this has been one of several total and I'm
going to clarify some points, but not
before asking you all to please
subscribe to the channel, it's completely
free, you already know and you will
automatically become part of this
great family that we are creating in which
all day long we are here at the
forefront to bring you the most and best
complete information on your
favorite celebrities and on television and gossip and
everything goes. I'm also going to ask you
please to give it a Like Like thumbs
up and to comment
your opinion on the subject to
begin with before reading this paragraph
I want to clarify okay It turns out that in
the judicial process this criminal case that
Antonio David has
is the greatest concern that
Antonio Villa must have right now because the
truth is that it is a delicate issue not
in this process the plaintiff, that
is, Rocío Carrasco, requested Olga
Moreno in her day as a witness, requested the
testimony of Olga Moreno When I am
sued Or I sue someone, each
party proposes a  obsessive and the judge
admits them or not admits them what
happens well of course like Antonio David
It seems that he would be or would have been
for several years collecting
money through the company in which
Olga was sole administrator instead of
collecting it himself in his name well they
wanted to ask Olga for explanations
as to whether she had been collecting money from
Antonio David So that it would not be
seized from him anyway what happens is that
when a person is a
close relative Like your wife or your son or your
brother has the right not to testify
cannot lie I mean you can't just lie
and give false testimony but you do
have the right not to testify So
in the end the judge Well dismissed this
evidence and asked that Olga Moreno not
testify Because he also says that it was not
necessary According to the magazine
lectura he also dismissed it because
with the documentary evidence that was
available it was more than enough And in the end
what was Olga going to contribute But
well I make it clear because Olga is
completely Out outside of this
process the relationship between Antonio David
and Olga Moreno no  is going through his best
moment Although they tried to make it seem that
theirs was an idyllic separation, nothing could be
further from the truth a few
weeks ago everything blew up and the
former Civil Guard did not hesitate to appear
at the family home with his daughter
Rocío to take David away, who until
then lived with the businesswoman, the
plan of the former
television collaborator was none other than to collect
invoices for his different jobs
through third parties, either through
his representative or a company such as Mayta
y Paito SL of which Olga Moreno was the
sole administrator taking into account
the attention that exists between facts
between them At this time, the
testimony that the winner
of Survivor 2021 would have given before the judge on
July 6 could have put
the father of her daughter in a difficult
situation, a version that will ultimately be a
mystery to the general public,
would Olga be willing to unmask
Antonia VIP but what pamphlet is Elche, I
mean, they have not even released this
news because something
true has happened, I mean, they have not even released
this news because a new event has occurred
because of  suddenly it has come to their
attention that Olga Moreno could
suddenly show up because Olga has
changed her mind because Olga said
something no no
honestly she didn't make it up period she made it up
period I mean
suddenly it occurred to them that since right
now the family situation between
Olga Antonio David the issue they have
with the children that if I fight that if
the Instagram that if the other thing that since
right now the situation is tense well that
Hey what about what about what about it just
occurred to me Hey it just crossed my
mind that Hey maybe
Olga Moreno will get angry now and
suddenly show up in court but
let's see the first thing is that she can't
show up because she's not
summoned as a witness in that criminal process
she's not summoned as a witness she's not
going to appear I can't just go and
appear in court because I feel like it
at the last minute I mean these
people think that a trial is
about the wedding no that the priest comes out and says if
anyone wants to talk speak now or
forever hold their peace no and
Olga Moreno appears there who is  very bad father
who is a very bad father and He is an abuser
and has the money yes put him
in jail alive Telecinco no no no no no no no no
Olga can no longer
show up there even if he wanted to but
come on it's not about whether he wanted to
or not it's about Olga
having principles and besides we're
talking about them having the
tense situation they have Olga keeps watching
Antonia vi as the father of her daughter and she doesn't
want to put him in jail like the
other one Okay then Let's learn to
differentiate between Olga Moreno and
Rocío Carrasco because I think that there is no way to even
take them okay
But anyway good fable that
the reading magazine invented this morning
The truth is that I really enjoyed
commenting on it I will be reading you in the
comments box tell me what you
think I'll send you huge and until the
next video
[Music]